Hello there

If you're reading this, you've chosen IncapMod by TH3 D34DL3$$ to be your incapacity Addon, and I'm glad to tell you how to use it

1. Basics
2. ConVars
3. Framework interfaces

1. Basics
	If you just like to download scripts from Internet without any idea about them, then, I have a good new for you: even when you could get any malware, you got my script, which is, actually, addon for game called Garry's Mod. It allows players on servers that has this addon installed, not die after their health is over, but rather go into “incapaciation” state, when player can't move (or can, see section 2 and 3), and only allowed to use few weapons out of all possible, slowly bleeding out. It also allows for other players to “rescue” player – remove player from “incapaciation” state by sacrificing some time and their fighting capacity for named amount of time. Addon works out of the box – you can just put “IncapMod” folder into “GarrysMod/garrysmod/addons” folder or subscribe to it on workshop in order for it to work. It also shouldn't cause conflicts with other addons, but I didn't test it with every single addons existing, so I can't tell

2. ConVars
	You can easily change settings of the addon using ConVars (console variables).  
Here's list of all ConVars and brief description of what they're doing:
	
ConVar name
Description
Default value

incapmod_healthonincap
Amount of health to be given to player when he's incapaciated
500

incapmod_defaultmaxrescuedist
Player needs to be closer to victim than this value to start rescuing them
100

incapmod_rescuedmgresetthreshold
Amount of damage player that is being rescued can take before rescue timer is reset
0

incapmod_bleedoutspeed
Amount of health incapaciated players looses every second
5

incapmod_rescuetime
Amount of time it takes to rescue incapaciated player, in seconds
5

incapmod_rescueteammatesonly
Switch that determines if players can be rescued only by teammates
1

incapmod_playerstandupsonspawn
Amount of “Stand-Ups” player has when he spawns
0

incapmod_maxspeedwhileincapped
Limit of speed while player is incapaciated
0

incapmod_canmovewhilerescued
Switch that determines whether player can move while another player is rescuing them
0

incapmod_healthportiontorestore
The portion of max health that player restores when he's un-incapaciates
0.3

incapmod_showdefaulthud
Switch that determines if every player should have default IncapMod's HUD on
1

incapmod_showdeathmarksthroughwalls
Switch that determines if death skull above incapaciated players should be visible through walls. If incapmod_rescueteammatesonly
is set to 1, death skull will only be visible through walls for teammates
0

incapmod_consolemessagesettings
Set of bitflags that determine what debugging console messages will be printed to console. Only visible to server
13

incapmod_cl_showdefaulthud
Switch that determines if local player should have default IncapMod's HUD on. Only visible to client
1

3. Framework Interfaces
	Even though addon is flexible whith ConVars, you can reach it's true power by using interfaces – combination of methods and hooks that you can use to retrieve or plug-in info to IncapMod. Function libraries are initialized at the top of the code file, and dimensions where they can be called (serverside, clientside, or both) is determined by file it's initialized in (sv_, cl_ and sh_  respectively). Hooks are listed at the bottom of the code file, and dimensions where they can be placed (serverside, clientside, or both) is determined by file it's listed in (sv_, cl_ and sh_ respectively). Go through source files to gather more info about it.

Sources:
Death skull icon: Game-icons.net (https://game-icons.net/1x1/sbed/death-skull.html#download);
Flashing screen gradients: CSS Gradient (https://cssgradient.io/)